FINAL PROJECT REFLECTION
Lillian Fok & Priya Dalal-Whelan

  At the beginning of this project, we had a lot of fun imagining the different kinds of worlds we could bring into existence. We talked about zombies, YA dystopia, cooking games, and many themes before we ultimately decided to build a Alice in Wonderland inspired ingredient collection game, with lots of lovable characters. 
  In the process of completing this project, our understanding of how classes build upon and interact with each other was heavily tested. We had to make decisions about how to connect our classes Adventure, GameMap, Location, Character, and Item. We initially used the Guava graph implementation to hold Location nodes, but found that our own coded version of a "quadruple linked list" was more efficient. Our choice of alternate data structure allowed us to easily get nodes of a set orientation, since we knew that each Location would have at most four possible neighbors. Coding our own data structure also allowed us to implement only the methods we needed and not import all of the unecessary methods included in Guava. 
    With unlimited time, we would love to implement more characters and mini-games other than riddles. We had talked about having to steal the rose from the soldiers in the rose garden Location, and having a way to lose by getting caught by the Queen's soldiers. We had also talked about creating a randomized set of items that would generate anew every time the player visited the river of tears. 
  If we were to start all over again, we would store the riddles and their answers as an attribute of the Location class, rather then within the riddle method. This would make it easier to scale up while making the game bigger. We would also consider adding a command attribute to the items which communciated with getInput, allowing for more flexible Item commands. We also might talk more about what we need our Item class to accomplish, to have a clearer sense of our needed methods. Ultimately, we found the experience of creating a game together to be fun, interesting, and challenging. 
